Own configuration reference (#54352)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/own/configuration_reference.md

> # Configuration reference

Reviewer: Should we also have a link to this page somewhere in `index.md`?

## Ownership signals and background compute

Ownership signals are used to guide the assignment of ownership. These are:

*   Recent contributors signal counts files modified by commits in the last 90 days.

> *   Recent views signal counts file views within Sourcegraph in the last 90 days.

Reviewer: nit: Maybe we can highlight first 3 words of each bullet point so that they read better?

Both of these signals are computed by background tasks.
The values of signals are aggregted and bubble up the file tree.
That is, for the Ownership data displayed `/a/` directory, all descendant file signals contribute.
For instance contributions and views of `/a/b/c.go`.

The **Site admin > Code graph > Ownership signals** page allows enabling and disabling each signal individually.
These need to be explicitly enabled by site admin in order for signals to surface in the UI.

<picture title="Site admin ownership configuration page">
  <img class="theme-dark-only" src="https://sourcegraphstatic.com/own-signals-configuration-dark.png">

>   <img class="theme-light-only" src="https://sourcegraphstatic.com/own-signals-configuration.png">

Reviewer: :chef_kiss: for themed screenshots!

</picture>

### Repository filtering

In some cases ownership signals need to be disabled for specified repositories:

*   Ownership signals are not desired for certain repositories.
*   Computing signals is expensive due to size of some repositories.

> **Exclude repositories** section under each signal in **Site admin > Code graph > Ownership signals** allows to match repositories to exlude from computing ownership signals.

Reviewer: typo:
```suggestion
**Exclude repositories** section under each signal in **Site admin > Code graph > Ownership signals** allows to match repositories to exclude from computing ownership signals.
```

Materialized list of excluded repositories is displayed for feedback.

<picture title="Site admin ownership configuration page">
  <img class="theme-dark-only" src="https://sourcegraphstatic.com/own-signals-exclude-dark.png">
  <img class="theme-light-only" src="https://sourcegraphstatic.com/own-signals-exclude.png">
</picture>

## Analytics

> In order to measure how many files have owners, Code search exposes analytics through **Site admin > Analytics > Own**.

Reviewer: Maybe it should be "Sourcegraph" instead? I just didn't get why it is "Code search"
```suggestion
In order to measure how many files have owners, Sourcegraph exposes analytics through **Site admin > Analytics > Own**.
```
